Actually, I got lucky
Dr. Chen Sheng, a national treasure brain expert
He's coming to see my grandmother.
Do you know that his number is hard to come by?
The appointments with him are all lined up until the year after tomorrow
Let him do it
Grandma will be fine soon
The luck is really good.
I want to share my good luck with you
So you can get promoted sooner
No need to move bricks on the construction site
To borrow my wife to quit smoking
Long to come
I can check slowly
Is he the man I'm looking for?
When grandma is healed
I'll take her back to my hometown for a while and then
Hello Jingjing
You married another man without telling your family?
You are now Mr. He's fiancee
If you let him know, he will die
I said I wouldn't marry Mr. He
Who loves to marry?
Leave me alone
Hello
This Nini
Hang up on me
Don't do anything wrong
Otherwise the 5 million will be gone
Don't worry, Hua
Don't you forget.
The immortal is still in our hands
Are you still afraid that Gu Qingqing will not obey?